hello friends josh and giancarlo of the day and
let's draw the character and minecraft
the truth I 've never played it but it's a
I draw well high then I'll do it
ready then let's start first
making a picture
a little pulling like here
and we do the back
we go with his arm
but this time it's more like a kind of
rectangle
we finish with a square
also lying
and ready
we already have two squares
it's a kind of course
They are more
a kind of rectangles because it's a
more elongated square
and we close
we go
with your body
rectangle
and we join the line
we go with the foot
another rectangle
and we join the line
a picture
this
let's give it a texture
sea ​​of lines
let's go with the other foot it's going to be like
I'm traveling our brand
ready and what we lack in another hand
in species
the rectangle as I told you this
drawing is very square
only in lines
and ready
we go with the characterization that he
have we go with your face
angle
with the other
rectangle and we did it in the middle
and here we start with two lines towards
down
Y
we draw
lines outwards and we join them
and here
let's say what to do as a kind of your
hair
Now let with a T - shirt
neck see I think that stable
we finish already the only thing that we lack
to do is like an arrow that brings in its
hand
then let's make kind of diamonds
then we make triangles
and we complete
let's make several triangular spikes
and here we join the lines
now let's do our arrow
to the other side
we finish and we give it a texture
so you can not see the drawing
and good friends is no more I hope that you
have liked and can subscribe to me
channel like
added to my Instagram account and
Of course I'm going to download it on Facebook but I will not
I'm going down
see you in another video and see you later